the
that's how it first fell in the classic surround
as far as you can speak of it and
Now I'll just give you one
step forward I had announced
hang up now players are the
batteries for german atmos
So we have our presentation
previously mentioned 7.2 system and use
now also 54 at the
we barely cover up here
So we're gonna hang it
now just the third dimension, so to speak
conquer
together with the boys of dolby games
Here are two demonstration moves
which we received from the gentlemen
at first maybe very exciting this
piece here that shows the change
small car piece but you can see
screen in each variant
are mixed is traditionally the 5.1
or then just mixed in Tolkien so
that one here in difference directly 121
can experience
Here you can already see the the
difference may emerge the order
should according to the will of the quasi dolby
you just get involved in more
whole action is involved and
this place is still coming by hand
So say another demo piece
I would ask her this short one
times we Germans had to
sorry is the story the
hangs together with the copy protection of
blu-ray at dolby atmos and ours
mediaserver there was shortly before
at the beginning of the trade fair an update
but there we have a day before
eat after we have everything on it
what we want to show
the update no longer dares that if
we should afterwards divide that up
then fix history
otherwise as I said that I ask briefly
sorry and cleverer to know
ignore
I think that is pretty impressive
notes the guys at thermal like
always with a bit more bass